Update users.asciidoc (#21802)
elastic/beats: libbeat/docs/security/users.asciidoc

|`ingest_admin`
|Set up index templates and, if available, ingest pipelines

ifdef::has_ml_jobs[]
|`machine_learning_admin`

> |Provides full use of the machine learning APIs and grants read/write access to all machine learning indices

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|Provide full use of the machine learning APIs and grant read/write access to all machine learning indices
```

Reviewer: Just making the entry parallel with other entries.
